
The CommitChange API provides a robust platform for fundraising online, including payment processing, analytics, donor lifecycle data, and more. The API can be found at `https://api.commitchange.com`.

### Intro

Our API has resource-oriented URLs where the top-level path is the resource name, and the second-level path provides a variation or implementation of that resource. For example, calling `GET /nonprofits` will return a generally useful JSON array of nonprofit data. Requesting `GET /nonprofits/metrics` will return aggregate fundraising metrics for each nonprofit.

To pass parameters to an endpoint, use either URL query parameters for `GET` requests or JSON body text for `POST` or `PATCH` requests. For example, requesting `GET /nonprofits?id=1` will fetch only the nonprofit with an `id` equal to 1. Available parameters for each endpoint are listed in these docs.

### Authentication

Authenticate an account by making a `POST` request to `/login` using a JSON object that has properties for `email` and `password`. You will receive both a JWT and CSRF token. Every subsequent call to a protected endpoint must pass both the JWT and CSRF tokens. The JWT can be passed in the `Authentication` header, or by using a cookie with a name of `'jwt'`.

In a web application, the JWT token must be stored in an HTTPOnly cookie, while the CSRF token should be stored in `localStorage`.

Endpoints that you see initially listed in these docs are publicly accessible. Once you log in here, you will see additional endpoints that are available to your account based on your roles.

### OPTIONS requests

Documentation for each endpoint listed on this website is generated by making OPTIONS requests to each top-level resource in the API. For example, calling `OPTIONS /nonprofits` will give you all the parameters, type constraints, return values, and variations for that resource.
